Tutorial for sensor based cross compiled toochain on riscv example (#4201)
mlpack/mlpack: doc/embedded/supported_boards.md

| POWERPCG4 | [Bootlin toolchain link](https://toolchains.bootlin.com/releases_powerpc-440fp.html) | [Sysroot and toolchain prefix](#powerpcg4) | [Power Mac G4 Cube](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Power_Mac_G4_Cube), [BAE RAD750](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RAD750) |
| MIPS24K | [Bootlin toolchain link](https://toolchains.bootlin.com/releases_mips32.html) | [Sysroot and toolchain prefix](#mips24k) | [MIPS32k on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/MIPS_architecture#MIPS32/MIPS64), [VoCore Ultimate](http://vocore.io/v2u.html) |
| ULTRASPARC | [Bootlin toolchain link](https://toolchains.bootlin.com/releases_sparc64.html) | [Sysroot and toolchain prefix](#ultrasparc) | [UltraSPARC on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/UltraSPARC) |

If you didn't see your architecture in the table above, use the closest
architecture with a similar word size, or, adapt the parameters directly in
`CMake/crosscompile-arch-config.cmake` and feel free to open a pull request so we can get
the new architecture added to this table.

Each section below gives the glibc toolchain by default.  Where Bootlin also
ships a **musl** toolchain for that architecture, a second block is provided:

> musl produces a smaller footprint, which can matter on very constrained devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ships a `musl` toolchain for that architecture, a second block is provided:
`musl` toolchains generally produce smaller programs, which can matter on very
constrained devices.
```

### ARM11

```
-DTOOLCHAIN_PREFIX=/path/to/bootlin/toolchain/armv6-eabihf--glibc--stable-2025.08-1/bin/arm-buildroot-linux-gnueabihf-
-DCMAKE_SYSROOT=/path/to/bootlin/toolchain/armv6-eabihf--glibc--stable-2025.08-1/arm-buildroot-linux-gnueabihf/sysroot
```

For a smaller footprint, Bootlin also provides a
[musl libc toolchain](https://toolchains.bootlin.com/releases_armv6-eabihf.html);

> use these variables instead:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
if using that toolchain, use these variables instead:
```
Just for clarity.  If you like it, can you apply it to all the other instances too?
